added missing text to asreview_cli.qmd (#9)
UtrechtUniversity/vre-docs: docs/workspaces/asreview_cli.qmd

[Instructions](../manuals/ssh-data-transfer-methods.qmd)

### Data is stored on Surfdrive (or Researchdrive, Onedrive, Dropbox, etc.)

> When data is stored on Surfdrive (or Researchdrive, Onedrive, Dropbox, etc.), data transfer can be done unsing Rclone commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When data is stored on Surfdrive (or Researchdrive, Onedrive, Dropbox, etc.), data transfer can be done using Rclone.
```
